REPOSITORY PREPARED
The GitHub setup in steps 1 and 2 is already complete for:
  https://github.com/BillJones-SectorFlow/s908w-gze3-test
Use branch main. Begin with phone setup at step 3.
README.md contains the phone checklist and direct downloads.

SM-S908W / S908WVLSAGZE3 experimental test kit

STATUS
Compiled and checked on the build machine, not tested on a phone. This is
an experimental port, not a confirmed working root package. Kernel exploit
attempts can crash or reboot the phone; back up important files first.

EXACT TARGET
Model: SM-S908W
Firmware: S908WVLSAGZE3
Kernel: 5.10.236-android12-9-31998796-abS908WVLSAGZE3
Do not use this kit for the S908E from the quoted issue, another firmware,
or a newer update. The binaries refuse a different kernel release.

WHY A CATALOG IS NEEDED
Next's Local payload picker accepts the .so, but replaces ONLY the exploit.
It still resolves a supported profile and downloads that profile's KernelSU
loader. A ZIP cannot be imported as a payload source. You must host the two
artifacts and catalog together in your own GitHub repository first.

1. PREPARE THE CATALOG ON A COMPUTER
Extract this ZIP. Install Python 3 if needed. In the extracted folder run:

  python3 prepare_catalog.py BillJones-SectorFlow

On Windows, use "py -3" instead of "python3" if that is your Python command.
Replace BillJones-SectorFlow with your real GitHub username.
The script verifies both artifact hashes and creates upload-to-github/.
It does not contact GitHub, use ADB, or change your phone.

2. UPLOAD TO GITHUB
Create a PUBLIC repository named s908w-gze3-test in your GitHub account.
Use branch main. Upload the artifacts/ and support/ folders INSIDE
upload-to-github/ to the REPOSITORY ROOT (not upload-to-github itself).
GitHub's Add file -> Upload files page accepts folders dragged from a computer.
Commit the upload. Confirm these exact paths are visible in GitHub:

  support/targets-v3.json
  artifacts/ionstack-s908w-gze3-rmgnext-experimental.so
  artifacts/ksud-s908w-gze3-next

Do not upload the whole ZIP as the source; Next needs these individual paths.
The script optionally takes a different repository name as its second argument.
If you prepare manually, replace BillJones-SectorFlow in BOTH catalog URLs.

3. INSTALL THE MATCHING MANAGER
Copy manager/KernelSU_Next_v3.4.0-android12-5.10_33303-release.apk to the phone
and install it using Android's installer. This is sarabpal-dev's release APK,
unchanged; its signing certificate matches the embedded module.
Do this BEFORE running Next so it sees an existing manager.
Do not substitute Next's offered stock manager download: its signing
certificate differs. If Android reports an incompatible existing package,
stop and resolve that manager/signature conflict before the rooting test.
Installing the manager itself does not root the phone.

4. SET UP NEXT
Use rushiranpise/Root-My-Galaxy-Next, rather than the original app.
Start Shizuku using its normal wireless-debugging setup and authorize Next.
In Next, enable its Shizuku transport. This payload requires a shell UID 2000;
a native app-process run will be refused by the payload.
Leave automatic rooting on boot and automatic retries disabled for this test.
Use the normal device payload flow, not the universal exploit flow.

Settings -> Payload Management -> Payload Sources -> Add:
  Repository: BillJones-SectorFlow/s908w-gze3-test
  Branch: main
Enable the source. Its check should find ONE matching SM-S908W GZE3 target.
If it reports no match, STOP: do not select another phone's target.
Use the source's lock/pin action to freeze the uploaded commit if available.

5. IMPORT THE .SO
Copy artifacts/ionstack-s908w-gze3-rmgnext-experimental.so to the phone.
Settings -> Payload Management -> Local payload -> select that .so.
Select the target:
  Galaxy S22 Ultra SM-S908W | GZE3 | EXPERIMENTAL v1
Its source must be YOUR repository. Choose KernelSU-Next if a flavor picker
is shown. Use Online mode for the first install so the loader is downloaded
and verified against the catalog SHA-256. Do not choose Offline initially.

6. RUN ONE TEST
Run the normal install/root action with KernelSU installation enabled.
Leave the app's run limits at defaults. This experimental payload itself
caps the exploit at one attempt and discards old slide offsets.
Keep the screen on. Do not start a second run concurrently.
If it fails or times out, save the log and reboot before trying again.
If it succeeds, open the installed sarabpal-dev KernelSU-Next manager and
check whether it reports a working driver/root. A success claim in Next
alone is not an end-to-end verification of the manager.
Avoid soft restarts, root-on-boot setup, and installing root modules during
this first test. Export Next's History / Run details log for diagnosis.

BEHAVIOR AND LIMITS
Root is expected to last only until a full reboot; the boot image is not
flashed. The loader does write its daemon/assets under /data/adb, so this is
not a filesystem-free test. Its ephemeral mode skips root-module lifecycle
scripts. A different existing /data/adb/ksud is refused rather than overwritten.
Local import remains active until you remove it; remove it before testing
another target. Latest reviewed Next does not read the old routePolicy or
requiresFreshP0Session manifest fields, so this catalog does not rely on them.

CONTENTS
artifacts/: experimental .so and custom ksud embedding the upstream module.
support/: schema-v3 catalog template with exact model/kernel and artifact hashes.
manager/: unchanged matching upstream signed manager APK.
prepare_catalog.py: makes a verified ready-to-upload GitHub folder.
PROVENANCE.json: upstream revisions, checks and limitations.
source/: modified source snapshots, patches, licenses and build notes.
SHA256SUMS: hashes of the packaged files.
